---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/satostory/dialogue/0-prologue/"}
---

"I'm so bored these days," Remilia sighs. The Scarlet Devil, owner of the famous Mansion, has lived for a long time now. Her curiosity has lately been rising and she's worrying about her little sister.
"I wonder how Flan must feel shutting herself in down there forever, her brain must be rotting with those short videos that she always scrolls on that portable device Yukari brought from the Outside. What do the humans call it again... brain-rot?"
"I believe so, Milady," Sakuya nods.
"The experience of living so long should make us geniuses, but if we spend our days rotting away here it'd be all for nothing."
Remilia sips from her cup.

Suddenly, a fluttering black-winged girl appears in the sky holding newspapers.
Sakuya notices her and points her out to her master.
"Milady, it appears Aya is here with the papers again. Would you like one or do I take care of her?"
**BFFFFFTT-**
Remilia spit-takes her tea in surprise.
Sakuya cleans the mess she made.
"Old-Hell Yeah I want to read the newest drama!", she says excitedly.
Sakuya signals to the crow paper girl to accept the newspaper and hands it to her.
Remilia glances at the paper, "Let's see what fate has in store now."
**BFFFFFFFFFTTTTT-**
She spit-takes again, even louder.
Annoyed with the second mess, Sakuya cleans her off again.
"It says here that they want to make a new school for youkai due to the decline in intelligence these days. This is perfect! Flan could use a bit of education. What if I let them use our mansion?"
"Are you sure you want that?", her maid asks, concerned.
"Why not? Even with all the cleaning you do that I fondly appreciate, this mansion might as well be collecting dust seeing how few people use it."
"I see Milady, understood. I'll go phone the number on the paper right away."